Update download-and-copy-artifacts-using-the-command-step.md (#2507)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/executions/cd-general-steps/download-and-copy-artifacts-using-the-command-step.md

| Azure Artifacts | Maven 2.0, NuGet | Y | Y |
| Custom Repository | All | N/A | N (use the Exec script to use the metadata to copy artifact to target host) |

> ## Use case: Sen emails from a server with an attachment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use case: Send emails from a server with an attachment
```

> ## Use case: Sending an email from a server with an attachment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use case: Sen emails from a server with an attachment
```

| Azure Artifacts | Maven 2.0, NuGet | Y | Y |
| Custom Repository | All | N/A | N (use the Exec script to use the metadata to copy artifact to target host) |

## Use case: Sending an email from a server with an attachment

#### Prerequisites

Make sure that you have installed `postfix` on the target host.

```BASH
$ sudo apt-get install postfix mailutils libsasl2-2 ca-certificates libsasl2-modules
```

#### Configuration

1. Create a deployment stage with an SSH type service and infrastructure definition.
2. Add a Command step under the **Executions** tab.

> 3. In **Step Parameters** enter a name and timeout duration. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. In **Step Parameters**, enter a name and timeout duration. 
```

4. In **Run the following commands**, select **Add Command**.
   * Enter a command name.
   * Set the **Command Type** to **Script**.
   * Enter the **Working Directory** path where the attachment resides. The path can be a fixed value, runtime input, or an expression.
   * In **Select script location**, select **Inline**.
   * In **Script Type**, select **Bash** and enter the following command: 
     

>      :::info

Reviewer 2: I don't think the info box is necessary here. This isn't extra information; this is information about how to complete this step. If it is actually extra/non-essential info, I would put it after the command block.

If you are worried about too many bullets, I would promote some of the bullets to steps, like:

```
4. In **Run the following commands**, select **Add Command**, enter a command name, and set the **Command Type** to **Script**.
5. Enter the **Working Directory** path...
```

     * The `relayhost` host configuration in the following command can be any SMTP port and server.
     

>      * You can define the body of the message with an echo statement like this, `echo "This is the body of an encrypted email" | mail -A hello.jar -s "log file"  rohan@harness.io`. You can provide harness expressions to resolve the body of the message. The email address can be provided as a user's email or a Distribution List email. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * You can define the body of the message with an echo statement like this, `echo "This is the body of an encrypted email" | mail -A hello.jar -s "log file"  johndoe@xyz.io`. You can provide harness expressions to resolve the body of the message. The email address can be provided as a user's email or a Distribution List email. 
```

       The `mail -A hello.jar` will send the JAR on the host as an attachment

       The `-s` command will provide the subject of the email

       The email address is the last argument in the mail command.

       For more information on sending emails with `postfix`, go to [AskUbuntu solution](https://askubuntu.com/questions/1332219/send-email-via-gmail-without-other-mail-server-with-postfix/1332322#1332322).

     :::
     
     ```BASH
     sudo tee -a /etc/postfix/main.cf > /dev/null <<EOT
     relayhost = [smtp.gmail.com]:587
     smtp_sasl_auth_enable = yes
     smtp_sasl_password_maps = hash:/etc/postfix/sasl_passwd
     smtp_sasl_security_options = 
     smtp_tls_CAfile = /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt
     smtp_use_tls = yes
     EOT
     sudo chmod 600 /etc/postfix/sasl_passwd
     sudo postmap /etc/postfix/sasl_passwd
     sudo systemctl restart postfix.service

>      echo "This is the body of an encrypted email" | mail -A hello.jar -s "log file"  rohan@harness.io

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     echo "This is the body of an encrypted email" | mail -A hello.jar -s "log file"  johndoe@xyz.io
```

                    commandUnits:
                      - identifier: test
                        name: Email Attachment
                        type: Script
                        spec:
                          workingDirectory: /home/ubuntu
                          shell: Bash
                          source:
                            type: Inline
                            spec:
                              script: |-
                                sudo tee -a /etc/postfix/main.cf > /dev/null <<EOT
                                relayhost = [smtp.gmail.com]:587
                                smtp_sasl_auth_enable = yes
                                smtp_sasl_password_maps = hash:/etc/postfix/sasl_passwd
                                smtp_sasl_security_options = 
                                smtp_tls_CAfile = /etc/ssl/certs/ca-certificates.crt
                                smtp_use_tls = yes
                                EOT
                                sudo chmod 600 /etc/postfix/sasl_passwd
                                sudo postmap /etc/postfix/sasl_passwd
                                sudo systemctl restart postfix.service

>                                 echo "This is the body of an encrypted email" | mail -A hello.jar -s "log file"  srgupta5328@gmail.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                echo "This is the body of an encrypted email" | mail -A hello.jar -s "log file"  johndoe@xyz.io
```
